chore(meta): Update pull request guidelines (#22813)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/pull_requests/index.md

{{MDNSidebar}}

This document describes how contributors make changes to MDN Web Docs and how the changes are reviewed and land on the site.
Content changes to MDN Web Docs include:

- **Day-to-day improvements:** for the documentation of APIs, CSS properties, platform updates and content additions.
  This is usually done by MDN Web Docs staff working for Mozilla, Google, Open Web Docs, Samsung, but also by community volunteers.
- **Minor fixes:** and small updates to the site for fixing typos, grammatical issues, and technical inaccuracies.
  These issues are usually found by readers of MDN Web Docs.

> - **Content bug fixes:** usually done by volunteers to close issues on the `mdn/content` repo.

Author: Good, I prefer this 👍🏻

  More information on issues can be found on our [Community pages for GitHub issues](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/new?assignees=schalkneethling&labels=proposal%2Cneeds+triage&template=content-or-feature-suggestion.yml&title=Enter+your+proposal+here).

- **If want to suggest new content or a new feature**, submit a proposal through the 'New content or feature suggestion' [GitHub issue template](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/new/choose).

<!-- TODO: when we have Discord:
If you're not sure where to start, reach out to us on [Discord]() and ask for feedback.
-->

## Values and participation

We want MDN Web Docs to be a welcoming, friendly community that we can all be proud of.
All participants must follow our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) which means adhering to [Mozilla's Community Participation Guidelines](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/).
Be polite and constructive when opening pull requests, writing review comments, interacting with the PR author or other community members.

> If anyone has engaged in behavior that is potentially illegal or makes you or someone else feel unsafe, unwelcome, or uncomfortable, you are encouraged to [report it](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/reporting/).

Author: Done in 6d188b26cdf4dde9bae69e4b845a4ec02147868f

  If one or more of these tests fail, it is your responsibility to try to resolve them.
  If you don't know how to resolve the underlying issues, ask for help.
- **Resolve merge conflicts** with the main branch; you are responsible for resolving these.
  You can do this by merging the `mdn/main` branch into your branch.
  For more information, see the GitHub documentation on [keeping your branch up to date](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/keeping-your-pull-request-in-sync-with-the-base-branch#about-keeping-your-pull-request-in-sync).
- **Be responsive to feedback.**
  This means being prepared to make changes to the pull request based on the review.
  If a review happens and the changes are not made, the pull request may be closed.
- **Be patient during the review process.**
  The MDN organization receives a large volume of pull requests and the team may need time to review your contributions.
- **Don't reopen closed PRs.**
  If you must create a new PR, it can reference the closed one.

## Pull request review process

> We add reviewers automatically based on a `CODEOWNERS` file but, if there is a specific person you want to request review from, manually [request a review](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review).
> We also use auto-labeling on pull requests to help triage.
> Maintainers will triage pull requests and add any additional labels, such as `needs-info` or `on-hold`, if needed based on context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reviewer(s) are automatically assigned when you open a pull request based on a `CODEOWNERS` file, but if there is a specific person you want to request review from, you can [request a review](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review) manually.
We also use auto-labeling on pull requests to help us triage them.
Maintainers can further triage pull requests and add any additional labels, such as `needs-info` or `on-hold`, if needed based on context.
```

#### Comment

Use the comment option when your feedback is not critical and will not require a re-review.
In short, you trust the author and other reviewers to use good judgment.

#### Approve

Use the approve option when everything looks good and is ready to merge from your perspective.
After submitting your review, you can safely merge the pull request if there are no other reviewers or any outstanding review comments to address.

#### What to do if you are stuck

If you don't understand a content change or feel that it is too large and complex for you to deal with, don't panic!
A good place to start is by asking for information from the PR author to help.

It is rare that you'll be required to review a large, complex content change with no warning.
If this does happen, however, the PR description should link to an issue that explains the background information.

If you are still not sure or if you think the content is suspicious, reach out to the MDN Web Docs team and ask for help.

## Reading list

> Reviewers are encouraged to read the following articles for help with common reviewer tasks:

Author: Yep, let's do this

> - [The Art of Closing: How to closing an unfinished or rejected pull request](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/the-art-of-closing/)
> - [Kindness and Code Reviews: Improving the Way We Give Feedback](https://product.voxmedia.com/2018/8/21/17549400/kindness-and-code-reviews-improving-the-way-we-give-feedback)
> - [Code Review Guidelines for Humans: Examples of good and back feedback](https://phauer.com/2018/code-review-guidelines/#code-reviews-guidelines-for-the-reviewer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The Art of Closing](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/the-art-of-closing/) explains how to close an unfinished or rejected pull request
- [Kindness and Code Reviews: Improving the Way We Give Feedback](https://product.voxmedia.com/2018/8/21/17549400/kindness-and-code-reviews-improving-the-way-we-give-feedback) gives useful hints to give feedback
- [Code Review Guidelines for the Reviewer](https://phauer.com/2018/code-review-guidelines/#code-reviews-guidelines-for-the-reviewer) provides examples of good and bad feedback
```

> ## Timelines
> 
> This section provides details for expected turnaround times while reviewing pull requests if you're a reviewer and while responding to review comments if you're a pull request author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Guidelines for turnaround times for authors and reviewers

This section provides details for expected turnaround times while responding to review comments if you're a pull request author and while reviewing pull requests if you're a reviewer.
```

> - **Reviews**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reviewing**:
```

  The pull request reviewer should be able to review the changes in 2 weeks or less.
  In the 2 weeks after a pull request is open, the reviewer can:
  - Leave a comment about when they can start reviewing the pull request
  - Ask for technical or resource help
- **Addressing requested changes:**
  The PR author should be able to respond to or fix the comments in 4 weeks or less.
  If the PR author is unable to respond or fix the review comments in that time, the reviewer can do one of the following:
  - Commit the changes and merge the PR

>   - Close the PR

Author: Done in 6d188b26cdf4dde9bae69e4b845a4ec02147868f
